Arrived on the last lecture we got this going right.
We were able to move the image I mean we were able to create the image moving to an image just for that
with it we did a lot of the last lecture was fun right.
All right one thing that we didn't do was to redirect.
So make sure every time you're doing that you redirect and make sure that you do the return OK.
So now I was going to read that right.
Let's go back here real quick.
Another thing that I want to do before we jump into another section here is that I want to show the
photo of the user I would be useful I think.
All right.
So let's do that we already have a relationship set up for that.
If you remember we went to the controller.
Another controller
the user model and we set up that relationship right here.
OK.
Just reminding you just make sure that you have that set.
Guys don't ever escaped a lecture because sometimes I might face one or two things in one lecture.
And if you skipped the lecture you might never have a problem solved for that for that next thing right
.
So make sure that you always are watching the lectures and paying attention to what I'm doing right
because I are going I can go back in and change things and back and forth and it's just a way of you
know working in real life projects you go back in and out and you change things and modify things so
I will make sure that you don't skip a lecture.
All right.
The whole reason we are taking this course is to learn everything you can.
Right.
So I always try to show you as much as like any every lecture.
Don't skip it.
All right.
Anyway.
So let's go to our resources views and let's go right here.
It's all right so we want to show the photo I.D. the photos should be shown right here photo we could
show the photo with the name together if we wanted to.
The doubt is if that's what you want to do you could do that.
All right.
Again this is driving me crazy this little indentation.
I'm not going to fix that now and I got to spend time fixing it but I would definitely get rid of that
.
All right so we're going to say photo and I think it was file that we.
Let's just look it up right now and see what we get.
All right trying to get the name property OK.
That's because I'm going to tell you why is because we have some users here.
All right.
They do not have a photo.
All right let's come back here.
See that some users don't have a Ford and you're going to get an error if you try to pulao a property
that doesn't meant that a photo that does not exist for their use or so for that what we need to do
is we need to do an if statement right.
We could if we wanted to do that long way we could say if user forward.
And then you know we write our stuff but I don't want to do it like that takes a lot of lines of code
.
I want to use a shorthand version so I copy this guy right here and I'm going to do this if they use
a photo exist.
I want you to print it out right.
Agway it out.
If not I want you to say no.
No user photo.
OK.
So watch this.
School back here and let's do that now refresh.
And as you can see the user has no Forder right here or you can put a placeholder if you want.
All right.
We can build that feature in.
Now is explain this because we don't have any images tagged there in the mail.
We're going to do that as you do on images.
Image tag.
All right.
So Image and let's just put this whole thing and say here.
Now this is not we don't want we don't want to do this guys.
And this works right now if we try it we try to do like this.
Let's actually put a height constraint here height value and let's just make it 50 or something like
that.
So if I come here and do this you can see my photo there.
OK that's good.
But really we're actually doing the senting again here we're hard hard courting our directory here would
be nice if we can go ahead and make this a little bit a little bit more dynamic right and we can.
All right we can do this if we want to.
All right.
So all we have to do is we can go to a photo class.
Let's just go there real quick.
And let's go here and we could do that would say let's just do a protect it and we could call this directory
or let's just say oh Lord of Lords or images or whatever.
Overlord's let's just call overlord's.
All right.
And we're going to make it whatever we want.
This case is going to be images just like this.
All right.
And here we can actually get use an access or two to every time we want to EchoStar file we equate our
with the images attached to it to our path right to our file.
So that way we don't have to go back in here and type this in.
It will come from the database or not from the database.
It will print out already with the images directory.
All right.
Pretty cool stuff right.
So let's just actually clean this up a little bit here.
Stuff that we are now using Let's get it out of there.
All right.
And let's go back to photo.
All right cool.
So let's use that sensor and just to get photo attribute.
Ok we get the photo.
Can you just put it right here.
Actually I don't remember that actually you is file.
There we go.
And we're going to return the uploads.
Whoops.
Actually this reloads
concatenated with why with the photo.
Right.
That's all we got to do guys.
And watch this.
Now every time we go in the end it's instead of doing this we just whoops
we just delete that and that's it.
Let's go back there and you work right out of the box.
There we go.
All right cool stuff.
So you see we are implementing what we learned in the course and this is what it's all about.
That's why I create these projects here to show you that you can implement it in real life projects
.
All right.
So if you have a course that teaches how to teaches you how to do something but it doesn't actually
teach you teaches you how to apply it then you're wasting your time.
So anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture